Assignment "Scripting"
Your job is to extend, by using a text editor, the HTML and CSS submitted for Assignment 1. The main goal is to use JavaScript and jQuery to replace the static content in your product table with dynamic content (see task 3 below). 

Sortable tables: The product and any other tables you created for Assignment 1 should become sortable on all columns by clicking the table headers (columns where sorting is not meaningful do not need to be sortable, for the other columns, including the amount and date columns, alphabetical sorting is sufficient). For this task, you are allowed to use functionality provided by jQuery or any other table sorting code you find on the Web.  Cite your sources!
Reset button: You will be using the same web service you used in Assignment 1 to POST your form data to. The database of this web service might be full with data you used to test your form in the previous assignment. Even if it is not, it is nice to be able to reset your database to the original state with just the four example products. To achieve this, you need to add a reset button to your page that resets the information in the database. This button should reset the database associated with your key, by using jQuery and AJAX to send an HTTP GET request to https://wt.ops.labs.vu.nl/api22/????????/reset (replace the question marks with your 8-character API from Assignment 1).  Note that this HTTP GET request only resets the database on the server. To also update your HTML table in the browser, do not reload the page, but reuse the solution you develop for task 3.
Dynamic table content: You should manually delete all the <tr> table rows with products in the HTML product table you submitted for Assignment 1, so you start fresh with an empty table. To fill the product table, its content should be created dynamically by using JavaScript to insert the data into the table. The data should be requested from our web server. You should first send an AJAX GET request to the same web service as you used for the Assignment 1 form: https://wt.ops.labs.vu.nl/api22/????????. When this requests returns successfully, you should insert the returned JSON data into your table using the DOM. Think about the events that should trigger a (re)load or refresh of your table: For example: after loading the page for the first time, or after completion of the task under task 4 below. This list of examples is not complete!
Single page form submit: The form to add new products that you included in Assignment 1 resulted in an (ugly) new page with raw JSON code when the submit button was pressed. This is the time to fix this! You should replace the default form submission handling of the browser by your own method. The result should be that users of your page can add new items without leaving or reloading the entire page, and that the submitted form data is posted in JSON to the server using an AJAX POST request and dynamically added to your HTML table using the DOM. Note: there are alternative ways to achieve this, discuss with your lab partner how you will handle this before you start coding.
Maintain the strict separation of concerns and put all your JavaScript code in a separate .js file, do not mix JavaScript and HTML. Do not use HTML event-related attributes such as onload and onclick.

For the first task, the use of jQuery is optional. For the remaining tasks,  you need to show you know how to use the functionality provided by jQuery as discussed in Chapter 8 of the zyBook. For example, you should use the AJAX-related functions provided by jQuery, and not use underlying such as the XMLHttpRequest object or fetch api directly. Use the jQuery selectors and other jQuery functionality to manipulate the DOM, do not use the underlying functionality provided by the DOM standard. Make sure your submission is a Single Page Application: user interaction should not result in leaving or reloading the HTML page, trigger pop-ups, new windows or tabs etc.
